RPP Restructure - Consolidate handle creation and destruction APIs (#513)
ROCm/rpp: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for RPP is available at [https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rpp/en/latest](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rpp/en/latest)

## RPP 1.9.11 for ROCm 6.4.0

### Added

> * RPP Tensor Gaussian Filter support on HOST (#478)

Reviewer: Below you have "HOST/CPU". I would use the same terminology throughout, and maybe use "HOST (CPU)". I would also maybe throw in "backend" so that the sentence works a bit better.

```suggestion
* RPP Tensor Gaussian Filter support on HOST (CPU) backend. (#478)
```

> * RPP Fog augmentation on HOST and HIP (#446)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RPP Fog augmentation on HOST (CPU) and HIP backends. (#446)
```

* RPP Rain augmentation on HOST and HIP (#463)
* RPP Warp Perspective on HOST and HIP (#451)

> * RPP Tensor Bitwise-XOR support on HOST and HIP (#464)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RPP Tensor Bitwise-XOR support on HOST (CPU) and HIP backends. (#464)
```

* RPP Threshold on HOST and HIP (#456)

> * RPP Tensor Box Filter support on HOST (#425)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RPP Tensor Box Filter support on HOST (CPU) backend.(#425)
```

> * RPP Audio Support HIP - Spectrogram (#433)

Reviewer: Is this adding support for Spectrogram to Audio on HIP? In which case, I suggest combining it with the item below it:

```suggestion
* RPP Spectrogram and Mel Filter Bank Audio Support to the HIP backend (#433)
```

if that isn't what it means, ignore this comment.

> * RPP Audio Support HIP - Mel Filter Bank (#421)

Reviewer: See the comment above.

### Changed

> * RPP Restructure - Consolidate handle creation and destruction APIs (#513) - Consolidate all handle creation APIs into just 2 - rppCreate and rppDestroy for handle initialization and destruction

Reviewer: I'm assuming RPP Restructure is a project to restructure the RPP API. I'm not sure how relevant that is to the user. (Has there been something about the restructuring in the upcoming changes of past changelogs? Is there going to be something about it in this version changelog?)

I recommend something like:

```suggestion
* All handle creation and destruction APIs have been consolidated `rppCreate`, for handle initializatio, and `rppDestroy`,  for handle destruction (#513)
```

Is there a corresponding removed/deprecated list to go with this?

* AMD Clang is now the default CXX and C compiler
* AMD RPP can now pass CPU/HOST build with g++ (#517)

> * Test Suite - ENUMs for all augmentations to enhance test suite readability (#499)

Reviewer: Does this mean that the augmentations have been put into enums to help with the test suite readability?

```suggestion
* Test suite augmentations have been organized into enums to improve readability (#499)
```

Author: updated

> * Test suite - Error code detection and display (#483)

Reviewer: This needs a little more information/context. How has this changed?

Author: updated

> * HALF - Restructure half.hpp and hip_fp16.h includes (#459)

Reviewer: This needs more context. Especially since without context it looks like something that would require user code changes.

Author: updated

### Resolved issues

> * CXX Compiler:G++ -- Update the code to fix HOST issues for g++ (#517)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CXX Compiler: Fixed HOST (CPU) g++ issues. (#517)
```

> * Deprecation fix for "'sprintf' is deprecated" warning (#512)

Reviewer: This needs a bit more context. For example, is the warning gone?

Author: updated

> * Test suite build fix - Lock to specific 'nifti_clib' commit (#506)

Reviewer: This needs some context.

Author: updated

> * docs - fix broken img links of pixelate and renamed jitter image (#461)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed broken image links for pixelate and jitter (#461)
```

I'm assuming there was a broken link to the renamed jitter image, but if that isn't the case, let me know and I'll reword this.

> * Bugfix - Log Tensor (#479)

Author: updated

### Known issues

> * `CPU` backend is not enabled

Author: No change there, just a new line character fix in the CHANGELOG file that shows on git diff. That text is from an old RPP 0.93 version.
